I was blindsided with a question
Barry...as in blueberry
8...as in 8-ball
I'm 100% certain. But I can't guarantee it.
X...as in Excellent
I think my name is Barry
Q...as in cucumber
It's a rough day!
I don't understand what I'm not understanding.
After research we have verified that the credit card's expiration date has expired.
That's entirely unheard-about.
I'm too far into it now.
I can't guarantee you, but I'm sure it is.
Well, we have the final solution...
If we were to upgrade your plan we would need to upgrade your credit card too
I know a spaced look when I see it.
No one bothers me. As fair as I know.
I'm just a simpleton when it comes to math.
When you get a new credit card, it's like an entirely new credit card.
Read between the red line
They did a recovery. That would have been the first sign of trouble.
This may be my fault.
I haven't said that wrong but three recently.
I guess I understood you, but now you are making even more less sense.
I'm certain they will call you today but I can't guarantee it 100%
That will eventually get you to the correct department
It seems like I'm juggling balls here...
Slap slap! Shame on you!
It's the same price you pay now but 5 dollars less
That's an older case number but it was just created today.
If you run into any future problems in the future...
I verified the information that she can't verify.
35 dollar waivage
She assumed I understood the billing system just because I'm a billing agent
That's no longer illegible for a refund
It didn't take any money from your account, it just reduced the money available
I accidentally saved him
Next thing you know, we'll have the monkies with the typwriter here writing up your bill. We'll give you a free elephant
When were you troubleshooted
I thought I knew what I was talking about. That was the problem.
The wheels on the boat go lalala
Not if the blind guy can keep his sight on the road
Chrome isn't google
I'm sorry I said the word
I'm 100% certain everything is fine but the problem is...
Keep the spaaaaaaans out of the dex
He wants a written verbal agreement
You're illegible
When I'm certain, I go with my gut
I regret to inform me
We don't have security
It's the hot spots on my desk
I would get along better wit a phone than a car
This is not normal for cords
That opens a can of questionaires
That will protect your Internet but it won't protect your computer.
It's from some sort of deep mythology
I can feel when it's being tugged too hard
They put some kind of cement in her ear
If it's been "user" used
I'd rather be the turtle than the rabbit that loses it's feet
Is he trying to be my Joe?
I'm not going down with the stock market
It caught me off guard that I got three sales last week
Well what's my disability <NAME>? Barry, I don't have that kind of time.
Hello <NAME>. May I call you <NAME>?
Does this phone have a display on it?
Does this phone have a display like a TV?
It covers it for natural occurances in a computer
